Add backup info for medic-os generally and links to CouchDB specifically (#491)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/hosting/ec2-setup-guide.md

1. Upgrading the container
    - Backup all data (EBS) 
    - Log into container and stop all services
    - To prepare for the upgrade, delete all other files in `/srv` EXCEPT for `/srv/storage/medic-core/`
      

>       The `medic-core` directory is where the CHT stores user data. Of key importance is CouchdDB's `./couchdb/local.in` and `./medic-core/couchdb/local.d/` where it stores configuration changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The `medic-core` directory is where the CHT stores user data. Of key importance is `./couchdb/local.in` and `./medic-core/couchdb/local.d/` where custom CouchDB configuration is stored.
```

>     - [Change the image tag to the newest image release version]({{< ref "core/guides/docker-setup#use-docker-compose" >}})  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Change the image tag to the newest image release version]({{< ref "core/guides/docker-setup#use-docker-compose" >}})
```
